[Music]
we are your prestige
form professional citizens with
ethical principles and social values ​​and
solidarity is the commitment of the uned
with your students and with society
To do this, he develops his
qualifications attentive to the needs
professionals of their students them
they can manage so
autonomous and self-regulated work in
team and in the field of technologies
of information and communication
our work is reflected in the
day by day of our students inserted
in the world of work and in their ability to
be updated
success in the entrance exams and
promotion in administrations
public and the optimal consideration of
our graduates in the selection
business human resources are
our best guarantee
we are aware that the commitment
ethical is the pillar for any
professional exercise and we verify the
fact that 62 35 percent of
our students continues to maintain
an academic relationship with the uned
even after obtaining the
Title
[Music]
we are for all
the uned the university without borders is
also the university without barriers
without borders thanks to programs
specials like the one developed in the
penitentiary centers of which
It benefits more than a thousand people
without barriers because more than 6000
University students with disabilities study
in the uned which guarantees the
principle of equal opportunity
because with its didactic resources
adapted to all situations and
needs allow each student
use the means of support that best suits you
agree and that more accessible
result
because to be socially responsible
assumes accountability to society
both positive developments and
the negative results with respect to
commitments made with their groups of
interest and in general in matters of
human rights environment
governance and social commitment
we are innovators
because always in the uned we have
addressed the future of teaching
university distance from the
investigation the debate and the trial
critical because we are implementing the
European educational passport with which
27 between 2009 and 2011
degrees and several tens of postgraduate
official
because we teach virtual courses to
through an audiovisual platform
last generation in its own model
the uned that adapts to the needs
of the student body
because we have a virtual campus
uned point is the largest website created for
more than 200,000 students with more than
10,000 pages where you can perform
computerized all the managements
academic and find materials of
digital studio
[Music]
because we spread our programming
on radio and television with 400 hours of
annual issuance through agreements with
Spanish television radio at a level
National and international
and because we created uned channel
puntocom a new contribution to education
from a distance where you can request
expressly audiovisual contents of
radio television and internet this channel
constitutes an innovative response to
future of communications and
education